TASK 2
======
Create a Feature: Search Analytics MVP
    What does Search Analytics basically do?
        Makes use of the search data
        To identify how users are interacting with particular search engines.
    What does MVP do and why it was made?
        By Eric Ries
        Minimum viable product
        A product with enough features to attract early-adopter customers.
        Validate a product idea early in the product development cycle
        The product team receive user feedback as quickly as possible to iterate and improve the product
        Maximum amount of validated learning about customers with the least amount of effort.
        
Discovery
    Explain in own words which problem ‘Search Analytics’ would solve?
        Low quality results can be avoided.
        Helps in giving exact results what is expected by the customer.
        Based upon customer location,the search can be improved and Search Analytics helps in this.
        Helps in marketing campaign, thereby increasing the monetization of the product owners/End users who uses the search analytics tools.

    Who are the target persons of this feature would be?
        Target would be Customers who use that particular product Search Analysis tool.
        Mainly organisation/ sometimes individuals -> different department ecommerce,health,pharmecutical,Transportation anything which engages with 
        some kind of business
        sometimes individuals Data Analyst or Security Analyst specialist/youtubers
        
   Conduct a brief competitive analysis of the intranet market to find out if our main competitors already offer such a feature.
   Competitors
     Google Analytics
        Improve the Bounce Rate of Your Website
        real-time visitor count
        Price - Free
        74% of the 2000+ analytics professionals we surveyed use
     Adobe Analytics
        Price on request
        4% of experts surveyed use Adobe Analytics
        The focus is on machine learning and predictive algorithms for advanced insights.
    Mixpanel
        Another 4% of the analytics experts we surveyed use Mixpanel.
        Tracking customer behavior and KPIs across websites and mobile apps
        Free service
    Baidu Analytics
        Free service
        
    Our motive to excell in the market or to become a strong competitor :- 
    We should provide a tool which is easy[without much courses or tough tutorial]easily redable documents for our product,accurate and reliable product
    conversion of a visitor to a customer

    Draft an MVP version of ‘Search Analytics’
    What requirements should an MVP version be able to solve? 
        Focus on Building the Core features Search analytics 
        Focus on customers needs.
        Track volume or no.of users on our page
        Keyword monitoring
        Landing page
        Track Session duration
        Reduce Bounce Rate
        
   Explain the scope you chose for your MVP
        Maximum Accuracy of the output from analysis
        Minimal Missing information/under reporting information should be made use for future predictions
        Limitation of oppnonets we can try to over 
        Example
        Many people will opt out of Google Analytics;
        they may also block cookies and/or switch off JavaScript which is how Google tracks the behaviour of visitors. 
        Their activity is not tracked leading to under-reporting.
        
        Provide simple search analystics tool for extensive users.
        so that they need not spend so much time on to find out how to use the tool.
        
    Feature Release
        Which metrics would you use to help you measure the success of this feature?
            User Satisfaction
            Based on customer feedback
            Peformace the tool when high no.of users are acessing it
            
    How would you monetize this feature?
    What further iterations would you plan for this feature?
        Advanced features can be monetized
        Also advanced version can be giver for trial period and later chargable.
        
    What further iterations would you plan for this feature?
     Incorporating more data algorithms or finding how to improve search reuslts
     fast result providing
     improved predictablity [even with a slightly wrong informstion] of user search and giving suggestions while searching misssing information./misspelled 
     Continuous zero-result	-> adding it and providing special reports on zero search results for new product implementation.
